Re: Submission reference ET #2868 "Block bootstrap consistency
under weak assumptions" by Gray Calhoun

Dear Gray,

I have now heard back from three referees on the above paper which you submitted to Econometric Theory and which was assigned to me to handle as Co-Editor.  Their reports are attached to this e-mail.

The recommendations of the three reviewers pretty much cover the
spectrum of opinion.  One referee (R1) recommends that your paper
be rejected outright, one referee (R2) is positive and one (R3)
is lukewarm seeing major technical problems with your paper but
on balance feels you should be afforded the opportunity to try
and address those issues, although he/she believes that this
would be a very hard task.

In a covering letter, R1 wrote to me regarding your submission as
follows:

"I'm afraid my recommendation is to reject. I don't think this is
strong enough for ET as it stands, and no obvious revision that
would not be a new paper. It's an interesting area, though, so
you should try to make encouraging noises - keep at it, that sort
of thing."

R2 did not provide a cover letter, but as you'll see from the
attached report recommends publication subject to a satisfactory
revision of the paper.

Finally, R3 wrote to me as follows:

"This paper considers bootstrap consistency in a time series
setting under weak dependence. In terms of topic, it is my
judgement that a well-executed paper on this subject is certainly
suitable for Econometric Theory.  Unfortunately, the current
paper does not make a great case. There are many aspects of the
proof that I found unclear, and I suspect that some of my
comments point towards analytical errors. A paper like this,
which is essentially a proof, should ideally be as easy to follow
as possible and correct. Right now, it seems that in terms of
readability and correctness, the paper falls far short of the
usual Econometric Theory standards. Therefore, in this case, I
would suggest to ask this author for a revision, but also make it
clear to him that this revision will need to be a lot clearer and
mathematically immaculate, that the current version of his paper
is quite remote from that point at this time, and that a very
hard task is ahead of him if he chooses to undertake that
challenge.

This author may end up needing additional space in order to
achieve clarity of his arguments. I think that some growth of the
size of this paper should be acceptable to Econometric Theory if
it leads to clarity."


My own view of your paper lies closest to that of R3.  I think
that there is merit in the subject matter of your paper and it
tackles an interesting area of research.  For that reason I have
decided to go with the recommendation of R3.  That is, I would
like to offer you the opportunity to submit a Major Revision of
your paper for further consideration.  I would send your revision
back to the three original referees.  In preparing this revision
I strongly recommend that you follow closely the advice of R3
expressed in his/her covering comments above and that, as far as
possible, you address all of the comments raised in his/her
report.  Of course you should also address as best you can the
comments made in R1 and R2 in their reports.  It is of note that
a number of the technical concerns raised by R3 are also raised
by R1.  At this stage I will not place a page limit on your
revision.

Please let me know if you would like to take up my offer.
Because this is a Major revise and resubmit and because the
reaction of the reviewers to the present version of your paper is
so mixed I am sure you will appreciate that I cannot guarantee
publication of your paper at this stage.

As is standard, if you do decide to submit a revision of your
paper, please also include with your re-submission memoranda of
responses to each of the three referees and a separate covering
letter to me detailing how you have revised your paper to address
the reviewers' comments.

I hope that you will submit a revised version of your paper.
Thank you for sending your work to Econometric Theory.

Best wishes,

Robert Taylor
Co-Editor, Econometric Theory.
